CTOR-836 : Refresh hardware-storage-hp-3par-ssh (#3501)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-storage-hp-3par-ssh.md

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Psu" label="Psu">

| Metric name          | Unit  |
|:---------------------|:------|
| *psu*~status         | N/A   |
| *psu*~ac-status      | N/A   |
| *psu*~dc-status      | N/A   |
| *psu*~fan-status     | N/A   |
| *psu*~battery-status | N/A   |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Time" label="Time">

| Metric name              | Unit  |
|:-------------------------|:------|
| node.time.offset.seconds | s     |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Uptime" label="Uptime">

| Metric name                 | Unit  |
|:----------------------------|:------|
| *nodes*#node.uptime.seconds | s     |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Volume-Usage" label="Volume-Usage">

| Metric name                            | Unit  |
|:---------------------------------------|:------|
| *volume*#volume.space.usage.bytes      | B     |
| *volume*#volume.space.free.bytes       | B     |
| *volume*#volume.space.usage.percentage | %     |

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

### SSH configuration

A user is required to query the resource by SSH. There is no need for root or sudo
privileges. There are two possible ways to log in through SSH, either by

> exchanging the SSH key from **centreon-engine** user to the target resource, or by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exchanging the SSH key of the **centreon-engine** user to the target resource, or by
```

Reviewer: ça ne dit pas exactement la même chose entre EN et FR

> A user is required to query the resource by SSH. There is no need for root or sudo
> privileges. There are two possible ways to log in through SSH, either by
> exchanging the SSH key of the **centreon-engine** user to the target resource, or by
> setting your unique user and password directly in the host macros.

Author: ```suggestion
Using this connector requires a user to be created on the monitored resource, which will be used by the Centreon poller to authenticate and execute the SSH requests. There is no need for root or sudo
privileges. There are two possible ways to log in through SSH, either by
exchanging the SSH key of the **centreon-engine** user to the target resource, or by
setting your unique user and password directly in the host macros.
```
